Still a little bead
That's impossible either
I won't believe Duan Kun can do such a thing even if I kill him
Okay, I have a way to make him active
You don't need to worry about what method
You just need to tell him that Mr. Duan is critically ill now
You've checked it out
All the problems are with me
You hate me now
Also check it for me.
Who is Duan Hui interacting with recently?
I can say ugly things ahead
If it's Duan Hui's problem, I apologize to you.
If it's your problem
I'll send you to hell
You are so rich
It's okay to buy more walnuts
What are you buying walnuts for?
Hello miss
Dr. Ye found out
Duan Hui recently and Wu De of the Wu family
Hu Yue from the Hu family walked closer
Hmph, sure enough, those three bastards got together
Then the three of them
Will it be bad for you?
Of course!
The three of them now think
I lost the backstage of the Duan family
Will naturally shoot at me